Welcome, in this video, we're going to use commit messages
to associate specific commits with issues; in particular,
we're going to close our issues using a particular syntax with GitHub.
First, let's go over to our issues page; click on "Issues".
Currently, there aren't any open issues yet, so I'm going to create one.
On the new issues page, title I'm going to use is
"Exclude Mac OS temp files from repo". In the comment, I'm going to say
that "We need to **exclude** any temp files generated by the Mac OS."
If I preview, I have "exclude" bolded.
Under labels, I'm going to click on the sprocket and assign this as a "bug".
For milestone, I can optionally pick one of the milestones; I'll select "Beta 1".
Assignee, I'll assign myself. Now that I've done that, I'm going to click on submit new issue.
Great, I created a GitHub issue that is labeled as a bug,
and I also notice that this is "#4"; this will become important here in a few minutes.
For this example, in order to address this issue,
I'm going to hop over to the terminal, and I'm going to fix this locally.
I'm currently in my user's home directory; and we go into the "website" project folder.
Since I'm currently on master, I need to switch to the develop branch.
I need to make sure that I'm working with the most up-to-date
version of the develop branch; type "git pull" to pull down any recent changes.
Great, so we just pulled down the Readme changes that we made earlier.
If I do an "ls -a", I see that I have my ".gitignore" file;
that's the file that we want to edit. I'm going to use my text editor,
which is TextMate, to edit the ".gitignore".
I'm going to find a convenient location, provide a comment, "# Mac OS temp files".
In the next line, Mac OS uses ".DS_Store".
Once I've specified that pattern, I'm going to save and close;
I'm going to add the changes we just made to the staging area.
Now, let's commit the change, "git commit -m", then the commit message:
"Ignore Mac OS temp files," and then I'm going to use the specific syntax
"close"; space; the hash mark or pound;
and the number of the issue we wish closed, which is "#4".
Once we do that, press enter. The commit that just got created
is associated with the issue on GitHub,
but GitHub is unaware of that until we push up that commit.
If I type "git push", Git will push that recent commit up to GitHub.
Let's return to our browser, and this issue has already been updated.
If I scroll down, I see one of the items that I have is that I closed this issue from a commit.
In addition to that, I have the commit associated with this particular issue;
which means that, if I wanted to, I could click on the commit id,
which shows all the changes that happened on this commit id.
I'm going to go back; I see that I closed this particular issue from the commit.